I'm playing a warforged arcane archer who is, essentially, fantasy Frankenstein's monster. But book inspo, rather than movies. His name is Alahan, and he's a lot of fun. I should note that my D - M and players are aware of the fact that Alahan is not a traditional warforged. Rather than made of metal and living wood, he was created from various body parts. Needless to say he's grisly to look at, which is why he is so thoroughly covered. However, no one in game knows. I describe him as wearing full body leather coverings, think the Org 13 cloaks. Under the hood he has a wooden mask, meaning nothing of his skin is revealed at any point in time. He doesn't sleep, so attempts to peak under his cloak are never really successful. He stuffs his pockets and all inside the cloak with what amounts to potpourri, always adding nice smelling plants he encounters. Every time he meets someone new, and I do mean every time, he makes a best guess at what their race is. He then says something along the lines of, "hello fellow human, I am human." It's especially funny when this seven foot tall behemoth tells a dwarf "I am also a dwarf". Always gets a laugh from the party. When a woman was upset because her son was taken by cultists he reached into his sleeve and pulled out a handful of dried flowers and put it in her hands. "This is a gift. Feel better." Before she can respond he holds out his hand, "I need that back now." He's played a bit as a comic relief, who happens to be terrifyingly efficient in combat. He easily has the highest kill count in the party, which is understandable since he stands back with a heavy crossbow raining death on cultists. It's magnificent. At one point we were asked to capture a high ranking cultist, which we did thanks to some... hilarity. In the evening we attend a celebration and feast, but Alahan isn't eating or drinking. He's simply watching, and I tell the D - M that if he notices anyone looking at him he locks eyes(not that his are visible) and stares the person down until they look away. At some point he piles his plate up with food and, with all the subtlety of an orc barbarian trying to sneak, throws the plate of food over his shoulder and comments that it is 'tasty'. I'm told that the people of the keep are well and thoroughly afraid of him at this point. We later learn that there were unsuccessful attempts to get info from the priestess. A few more in - game days pass, and I tell the D - M that Alahan waits until the priestess is alone and goes into her cell. My D - M, genius that she is, plays along with this whole scene perfectly. Alahan enters, and stands stock still, quietly saying, "when next they come to speak to you... you are going to tell them everything." It's important to note that up until this point Alahan's voice had always been friendly, even when he was talking to enemies he was currently trying to kill. Not anymore. It had gotten deeper, more serious. Gone was the inflection of the care free giant who liked flowers and weirding out peasants. The priestess responds, "or what? What will you do?" It's at this point that Alahan approaches. He simultaneously removes his mask and hood, and the players are paying rapt attention. Alahan has never done this before. I describe how he has ashen skin, with scar tissue lining areas where the tone doesn't match up quite right. Alahan, directly in her face, snarls, "or I will eat you alive." Intimidate, at advantage. Nineteen on the roll, plus like... five or something? I don't recall. She rolls a two against my check. She's terrified. She then must also make a con save, which she fails, becoming sick and letting loose the scant contents of her stomach. Alahan stands back up and puts his hood and mask back on, telling her, "remember. Tell them everything." As he leaves, he says, "that cannot die which lies eternal dreaming, and with strange eons even death may die." The weird motto from Lovecraft that I decided is his like... mantra. He goes immediately to the dwarf in charge of the fort and tells him that the priestess will talk next time they go to question her. "How did you manage that," he asks, clearly suspicious. They'd threatened her, even tortured her. This dwarf knew their prisoner wasn't going to crack easily. Alahan simply replies, "I asked nicely." The next morning he accompanies the dwarf, along with our rogue, to speak with the prisoner. The moment Alahan walks into the room she begins to weep. The dwarf looks at me, "What did you do?!" Alahan simply stares at her, as she sobs his little poem. He says, "I asked nicely." And that was how I convinced everyone I was playing a comic relief character, when in fact I am playing a terrifying monster who has convinced a group of adventurers that he's harmless. I can't wait for the next session. Edit: I got a silver badge, cool. And on my first Reddit post ever! Now... what does that mean? X - D